Terms of UsePlease carefully read these Terms of Use before purchasing or using Pumpic software. By purchasing, downloading, installing, logging in, or otherwise using the application, a cloud based monitoring solution (here and after iCloud solution) as well as free Control Panel Mobile Apps, you agree to adhere to these Terms of Use. If you do not accept these Terms of Use, do not purchase, download, install, log in, or use Pumpic software, delete it as well as all of its related files from your device. These Terms of Use is a legal agreement between you and the software provider. By purchasing, downloading, installing, logging in, or otherwise using the app, iCloud solution or free control panel mobile apps, you agree to be bound by the terms. By accepting these Terms of Use, you agree to install this software only on a device or devices owned by you and, for cloud-based or other monitoring that does not require installation on a device, to use it only in connection with an account, application, or program you have the legal right to access. You also agree to inform any person(s) who use(s) a device with the software installed and any other person with the right to access a monitored account of the presence of the software. Failure to comply may result in you breaking state and federal laws. You understand and agree that you shall be responsible for any legal costs incurred by the application provider resulting from your improper or illegal use of the software.ALLOWED USE POLICYPumpic is designed only to be used to monitor your underage child or employee:1) Child: Your own child that is under the legal age of 18 (as defined by the U.S. law). Unless you are a legal guardian thereof, you cannot monitor a child, if you hold one of the following relationships:•	Brother / Sister•	Step-Brother / Step-Sister•	Step-Father / Step-Mother•	Aunt / Uncle Cousin / Nephew•	Grandfather / Grandmother•	Great-Grandfather / Great-GrandmotherYou agree to not use the Software to track or collect personally identifiable information (“PII”) from children under the age of thirteen (13) without parental consent.2) Employee: Your employee at a company you own, OR an employee at the same company as you, and you have managerial responsibilities for. An employee can be monitored using a phone owned by a company and issued to an employee under your company's policies regarding company phones. An employee must give consent and be notified he or she is being monitored before monitoring can begins.You acknowledge that you have noticed employees of your right to monitor all call, text, and internet activity including content of those transmissions and that you may also monitor usage of personal email and social media, but not the content of those transmissions. You agree to not use Pumpic software to access content of personal third party provided email or social media.You agree to monitor employees only using systems and communication systems owned by your company. You acknowledge that Pumpic software is designed to protect safety of children and ensure integrity of employers infrastructure and computer/internet systems, prevent harassing or inappropriate communications, and to protect employers proprietary information. It is to be used to protect the owner and user, not to invade privacy.Pumpic cannot be used to monitor any other individuals (such as a spouse, friend, significant other, parolee, probationer, etc.). This would violate the terms you agreed to at the point of purchase and be a subject to immediate termination without any reimbursement.Note that Pumpic app applies to legal frames and creates a visible icon on the target phone your child or employee can delete with a special password only.Refund PolicyPumpic ApplicationNeed to make sure that your kids don’t mix with a wrong clique? Pumpic is here to help you. It is a cross-platform tracking application designed to track cell phone and tablet activity of your children. Pumpic childcare monitoring will help you protect your loved ones remotely and secure their happiness.Pumpic Control Panel Mobile ApplicationPumpic Control Panel Mobile App is an additional service with a limited set of functions. It is a free gift, not a paid service. All the features provided by Pumpic Mobile Monitoring App can be accessed via the full version of Control Panel on cp.pumpic.com only. Pumpic does not assume any obligations to support and improve the functionality of Pumpic Control Panel Mobile App. You acknowledge that any complaints regarding the operation of Pumpic Control Panel Mobile App, which is a courtesy of Pumpic, not a paid service, as well as limitation of features that can be monitored via Pumpic Control Panel Mobile App are not a subject to a refund.Refund PolicyEvery purchase of Pumpic products and their use are governed by this policy. Please read it through carefully before you make your purchase, since this Refund Policy sets forth the terms and conditions under which refunds are issued, as well as your rights in regards to your purchases, including any essential restrictions and exclusions. By placing an order on Pumpic.com, you agree that your order shall be governed by this policy.Refund ConditionsAs a subject to these Refund Policy conditions, you may be eligible for a full refund within 10 days starting from the date of your purchase, if only your reasons do not contradict with the Refund Policy conditions outlined below. No refund will be issued after the refund period is over.A refund may be applied only to your primary Pumpic subscription purchase. If you own more than one subscription, no refund will be available. Your money may be refunded only once. If you buy another Pumpic subscription at later time, this will not be a subject to any refund. Any purchase of Pumpic software at a discount price is non-refundable. No refund is issued, if a customer refuses to update Pumpic version, which should follow any upgrade on the target device.Please note that promo subscriptions, which come in addition to a plan you purchase, are not subjects to a refund. If everything is fine with a subscription that you have bought, your order will not be refunded regardless any issues with subscriptions that you have gotten for free.GeneralIf something goes wrong with Pumpic software due to our fault, you can be eligible for a full refund within 10 days starting from the date of its purchase according to the Refund Policy conditions outlined below. However, we are sure that most refunds can be avoided if you request professional help from our customer support.Note : Subscription Prolongation/Automatic Renewals are Non-RefundableThe reasons for no refund can be the following:•	The target device is no longer connected to the Internet for some reasons (empty balance, network interruptions, roaming-related issues etc.). Please also note that the iCloud solution requires a strong and stable Wi-Fi signal.•	A mobile operator is changed by the target phone user, which leads to the loss of the Internet connectivity and consequently to an improper functioning of Pumpic.•	The target device has been reset to the original factory settings or Pumpic app has been removed from the target device.•	A customer did not follow the installation guidelines provided by our customer support, which resulted in the failure to install the app.•	A customer does not have physical access to the target device or Apple ID and the password for iCloud account of the target device (in case of using iCloud monitoring solution).•	A client uses iCloud solution and refuses to check backup settings or perform a backup manually.•	A customer purchased the iCloud solution subscription, but intended to monitor activities beyond the provided jailbreak-free feature list (Text Messages, Calls, Browsing History, Bookmarks, Location, Calendar, Contacts, Photos, Notes, Skype, WhatsApp).•	A client intended to use iCloud solution for monitoring the data that had been deleted from the target device before a backup was performed.•	A customer didn’t know the app is visible to the user of the target phone.•	A customer didn’t receive previous data from the target device because Pumpic had not been installed at that time.•	The target device is run by an operating system (or its version), which is not specified on our Compatibility page.•	A customer planned to use one Pumpic subscription plan on more than one target device.•	Other personal reasons (“I’ve changed my mind”, “I’ve made a purchase by mistake”, etc.)•	A customer is either unable or unwilling to jailbreak the target iOS device (iPhone, iPad, iPod Touch), or to use iCloud Solution, which comes with Premium subscription only. A refund is not issued if a jailbreak version is not yet available for the given iOS version.•	A customer is either unable or unwilling to root the target Android device to obtain full functionality of the application, which includes viewing information from Google Chrome, IM activity, or emails.•	A customer has reached the limit on his or her subscription plan.•	A customer intended to monitor web activities in non-standard web browsers on Android (other than standard Internet and Google Chrome).•	A customer intended to use the iCloud solution and monitor web activities in non-standard web browsers on iOS (other than Safari).•	A customer intended to monitor browsing activities in the Incognito or Private mode.•	The target device is switched/replaced.•	A customer refuses to update the application or OS version after the technical issues have been resolved successfully.•	A client refuses to provide print-screens from the target device required for handling a technical problem or proving proper setup.•	A customer cannot utilize the application properly due to the functioning of any anti-virus, other software, or other spyware installed on the target device.•	No refund is issued if the Keylogger feature does not work because the target device user uses a Keyboard different from US English.•	A customer cannot or does not want to additionally enable the Keylogger feature on the target Android device following the instructions provided by Pumpic customer support.•	Complaints caused by Pumpic Control Panel Mobile App are not a subject to a refund.•	A client intended to use iCloud monitoring on the target device with two-step verification activated on it.   •	A client experienced accidental damage of mobile device because of rooting. Clients take all potential risks and accidental damage responsibility by using any rooting instructions for their own.  Force majeureNo refund can be granted to Pumpic customers in other cases when reasons for a refund request are completely beyond our control.Refund ProcedureYou are required to send your refund request to our support department at support@pumpic.com. We do not accept refund requests made via our Live Chat or by phone. A refund decision is usually made within 3 (three) business days, however it can longer if the case is not ordinary.   Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy shows how Pumpic collects, uses, maintains and discloses all the data collected from all users (hereinafter referred to as “User” or “Users”) of pumpic.com website (hereinafter referred to as “Site”). This Privacy Policy applies to the Site and all the products and services provided and offered by Pumpic.com.Personally identifiable informationOur service may collect personally identifiable information from users in different ways, including, but not limited to when users visit this Site, register, place an order, submit payments, subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features, or resources we make available on this Site.All users may be requested for as appropriate name, email, mailing address, phone number, credit card information as well as social security number. Users may also visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personally identifiable information only if Users voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identifiable data, except cases when they are engaged in certain Site-related activities.Contact UsIf you have any questions regarding the aforementioned Terms of Use, Refund Policy, Privacy Policy or any other questions on operation of this Site, please feel free to contact us at support@pumpic.com